*Recap*

Primary and Foreign Keys

You learned a key element for JOINing tables in a database has to do with primary and foreign keys:

    primary keys - are unique for every row in a table. These are generally the first column in our database (like you saw with the id column for every table in the Parch & Posey database).

    foreign keys - are the primary key appearing in another table, which allows the rows to be non-unique.

Choosing the set up of data in our database is very important, but not usually the job of a data analyst. This process is known as Database Normalization.
JOINs

In this lesson, you learned how to combine data from multiple tables using JOINs. The three JOIN statements you are most likely to use are:

    JOIN - an INNER JOIN that only pulls data that exists in both tables.
    LEFT JOIN - a way to pull all of the rows from the table in the FROM even if they do not exist in the JOIN statement.
    RIGHT JOIN - a way to pull all of the rows from the table in the JOIN even if they do not exist in the FROM statement.

There are a few more advanced JOINs that we did not cover here, and they are used in very specific use cases. UNION and UNION ALL, CROSS JOIN, and the tricky SELF JOIN. These are more advanced than this course will cover, but it is useful to be aware that they exist, as they are useful in special cases.
Alias

You learned that you can alias tables and columns using AS or not using it. This allows you to be more efficient in the number of characters you need to write, while at the same time you can assure that your column headings are informative of the data in your table.
Looking Ahead

The next lesson is aimed at aggregating data. You have already learned a ton, but SQL might still feel a bit disconnected from statistics and using Excel like platforms. Aggregations will allow you to write SQL code that will allow for more complex queries, which assist in answering questions like:

    Which channel generated more revenue?
    Which account had an order with the most items?
    Which sales_rep had the most orders? or least orders? How many orders did they have?

